Workspace Structure
==

### `@/assets/`

Assets directories are static assets that will be compiled into the final packed webpage, which cannot be directly accessed by frontend through typical http requests.

Use this directory to store stylesheets (`*.scss`), images, icons and other static assets.

For more information about stylesheets, see [Theming.md](/documentation/Theming.md).


### `@/components/`

[Vue components](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/component-basics.html) are stored here. Each `.vue` file in this directory.

### `@/documentation/`

Stores documentations (markdown files) that explains the implementation details and guidelines for developers and users who wish to customise this project.

### `@/lang/`

Stores localisation files of this project. See [I18n.md](/documentation/I18n.md).

### `@/layouts/`

Stores [page layouts](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/layouts) of this project. This is a Nuxt feature.

### `@/pages/`

Stores [pages](s://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/pages) of this project. This is a Nuxt feature.

### `@/public/`

Stores static assets. Different from `@/assets/`, assets stored under this directory are directly accessible from the frontend using HTTP requests.

### `@/scripts/`

The source directory for typescript files.

Use this directory to store typescript files, that does not belong to any component, page or store. However, don't store major type definitions here.

### `@/types/`

The source directory for typescript type definitions. See [`CodeAndNamingGuide.md`](/documentation/CodeAndNamingGuide.md).

Use this directory to store type definitions and it's methods, constructors and utilities here.

Note that this includes decoder and encoder and type definitions of protobufs under the `@/types/proto` directory, autogenerated by the protoc compiler. See [CommunicationAndProtobufs.md](/documentation/CommunicationAndProtobufs.md).

### `@/proto`

The `.proto` files to be compiled into typescript files. See [CommunicationAndProtobufs.md](/documentation/CommunicationAndProtobufs.md).

### `@/stores/`

The source directory for [Pinia Stores](https://pinia.vuejs.org/core-concepts/).

### `@/app.vue`

The entry point of frontend rendering.
